Cleanup Debian 10 Buster (#1752)
GoogleCloudPlatform/ops-agent: integration_test/README.md

`AGENT_PACKAGES_IN_GCS` environment variable onto your command like this:

```

> AGENT_PACKAGES_IN_GCS=gs://ops-agents-public-buckets-test-logs/prod/stackdriver_agents/testing/consumer/ops_agent/build/bullseye/2068/20220926-132259/result \

Reviewer: Should probably point to the actual bucket (and the actual log URL) from a more recent build…

Author: Where do I get one of those?

Reviewer: Here's one from this PR: https://btx.cloud.google.com/invocations/a9f55e14-d695-4335-9e9e-478e5f31c882/details. Note also that `bullseye` has been renamed to `bullseye_x86_64` since this doc was updated…

Author: [e18feca](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/ops-agent/pull/1752/commits/e18feca17e427d43c5d2ed801276a535b2105733)

It's a little tricky to figure out which one(s) to look at first, so here's a
guide for that.

TLDR: start in `build_and_test.txt` to see what failed, then drill down to
TLDR: start in `sponge_log.xml` to see what failed, then drill down to
the corresponding `main_log.txt` from there.

Here is the full contents uploaded to the GCS bucket for a single test run.
The "Details" link takes you directly to the "logs" subdirectory to save you
a hop. The following is sorted roughly in descending order of usefulness.

> ```

Reviewer: Looks like this broke some formatting. ☹️ #1753 will fix this, though.

```
├── logs

> |   ├── build_and_test.txt

Author: I am not sure I understand why we're removing 278-280 and 297-299

> |   ├── build_and_test.txt

Reviewer: Lines 278–280 mention `build_and_test.txt`, which is no longer generated:
```
278  *   `build_and_test.txt`: The top-level log that holds the stdout/stderr for
279      the Kokoro job. Near the bottom is a summary of which tests passed and
280      which ones failed.
```
Lines 298–299 mention the `agent_packages` directory, and line 297 is the blank line before those:
```
297
298  The `agent_packages` directory contains the package files built from the PR
299  and installed on the VM for testing.
```

> |   ├── build_and_test.txt

Author: Done in [c3cfd6a](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/ops-agent/pull/1752/commits/c3cfd6af7ea12d1cb5e61ad2525772aa09424b19)

├── logs

> |   ├── build_and_test.txt

Reviewer: Taking https://btx.cloud.google.com/invocations/0c11e760-fc12-4fa1-b92d-edf225a36034 as an example, it doesn't look like we create the `build_and_test.txt` file anymore (see https://console.cloud.google.com/storage/browser/ops-agents-public-buckets-test-logs/prod/stackdriver_agents/testing/consumer/third_party_apps/test/bullseye_x86_64/2435/20240708-102933/logs). You might want to remove the reference in lines 240–241, too… Maybe refer to `sponge_log.xml` instead?

Reviewer: Some of the above is still not done. Added a follow-up comment.

|   ├── sponge_log.xml

> |   └── TestThirdPartyApps_ops-agent_debian-12_nginx

Reviewer: The packages below still say `debian10`…

Author: [e18feca](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/ops-agent/pull/1752/commits/e18feca17e427d43c5d2ed801276a535b2105733)

> |   └── TestThirdPartyApps_ops-agent_debian-11_nginx
> |       ├── main_log.txt
> |       ├── syslog.txt
> |       ├── logging-module.log.txt

Reviewer: Taking https://btx.cloud.google.com/invocations/0c11e760-fc12-4fa1-b92d-edf225a36034 as an example, looks like the list of files is somewhat different these days (see https://console.cloud.google.com/storage/browser/ops-agents-public-buckets-test-logs/prod/stackdriver_agents/testing/consumer/third_party_apps/test/bullseye_x86_64/2435/20240708-102933/logs/TestThirdPartyApps_debian-cloud:debian-11_jetty):
```suggestion
|   └── TestThirdPartyApps_debian-cloud:debian-11_jetty
|       ├── VM_initialization.txt
|       ├── config.yaml.txt
|       ├── fluent_bit_main.conf.txt
|       ├── fluent_bit_metrics.txt
|       ├── fluent_bit_parser.conf.txt
|       ├── health-checks.log.txt
|       ├── journalctl_output.txt
|       ├── logging-module.log.txt
|       ├── main_log.txt
|       ├── metrics-module.log.txt
|       ├── nvidia-installer.log.txt
|       ├── otel.yaml.txt
|       ├── otel_metrics.txt
|       ├── syslog.txt
|       └── systemctl_status_for_ops_agent.txt
```
(might as well sort them, too).

|       ├── fluent_bit_main.conf.txt
|       └── fluent_bit_parser.conf.txt

> └── agent_packages

Reviewer: Taking https://btx.cloud.google.com/invocations/0c11e760-fc12-4fa1-b92d-edf225a36034 as an example, it doesn't look like we create the `agent_packages` directory anymore (see https://console.cloud.google.com/storage/browser/ops-agents-public-buckets-test-logs/prod/stackdriver_agents/testing/consumer/third_party_apps/test/bullseye_x86_64/2435/20240708-102933).

*   `sponge_log.xml`: Structured data about which tests
    passed/failed, but not very human readable.
*   `main_log.txt`: The main log for the particular test shard (e.g.

>     `TestThirdPartyApps_ops-agent_debian-11_nginx`) that ran. This is the place

Reviewer: The new naming is somewhat different:
```suggestion
    `TestThirdPartyApps_debian-cloud:debian-11_jetty`) that ran. This is the place
```
